Welcome to Hollywood Graveyard where we
set out to remember and celebrate the
lives of those who lived to entertain us,
by visiting their final resting places.
Today we're concluding our tour of
Hillside Memorial Park where we'll find
such stars as Moe Howard, Shelley Winters,
Milton Berle and many more.
Join us won't you?
For this second and last part of our tour
of Hillside Memorial Park we'll expand
out to the grounds, courts, and open-air
mausoleums across the cemetery.
If you haven't done so already be sure to check
out part 1.
We'll begin right of the main
entrance and office in the Acacia
section. On the west side of one of the
walls that reaches north is the crypt of
America's first television star, Milton Berle.
Like so many of his era he began
in vaudeville and radio before moving
into television. His TV show, which began
in 1948, dominated the airwaves and
quickly became the most popular show on
television. On Tuesday evening when his
show was on fewer movie tickets were sold
and many businesses shut down for an
hour so audiences wouldn't miss
Berle's show. He soon became
affectionately known throughout the
nation as Uncle Miltie and Mr. Television.
[music]
In addition to television he had a
successful film career, starring in films
like It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World.
Heading to the west side of the next
wall down, way up at the top, we find the
crypt of Nell Carter. She was a singer
and actress who made her Broadway debut
in 1971. Her breakout role came in 1978s
Ain't Misbehavin', a role which earned her
a Tony Award and later an Emmy for the
TV performance of the same production
[music]
Starting in 1981 she starred in the
sitcom Gimme a Break, for which she
earned both Golden Globe and Emmy
nominations.
Let's head across the street
and up the hill toward the mausoleum.
Just east of a tree and bench is the
grave of Shelley Winters.
She was an actress who broke into
Hollywood as a blonde bombshell in the
1940s, around the same time as her
roommate, Marilyn Monroe. But it was her
departure from this sexpot image in 1951s
A Place in the Sun that launched her
career and earned her critical acclaim.
She would go on to become one of the
great actresses of screen and stage,
starring in films like the Diary of Anne
Frank, and A Patch of Blue, both of which
earned her an Oscar.
"Where would we even find a cellar, or a closet?
Mr. Frank,
you told him you would never forget what he did
for you when you first came to Holland.
You said you never would be able to
- repay him."
- "If my husband had any obligations to
you his paid it over and over."
She can also be seen in Stanley Kubrick's Lolita.
Let's head back toward the entrance and
across the street to the west to the
Memorial Garden. Further west is the
Court of Dedication. Next to this central
sidewalk is the grave of Sorrell Booke.
He was an actor best known for his role
as Boss Hogg in a popular 70s and 80s TV
series, The Dukes of Hazzard.
"Boss Jefferson Davis Hogg was born on the dirt floor of a sharecroppers shack;
from there things kind of went downhill.
But everybody has a talent, and Boss has
a gift of graft. In a dazzling career in
Hazzard County ranging from moonshine to
political corruption, Boss has been
chased by everything from revenuers to
bloodhounds to irate husbands. Even if
the city cops do spot his license it really
don't matter none, 'cause Boss changes license plates like he does his underwear."
Passing into the next courtyard west, then
immediately south to the small nearly
hidden Alcove of Dedication, we find the
crypt of Moe Howard along the far wall.
Howard was a legendary actor and
comedian best known as one of The Three
Stooges, a comedy troupe which began in
the 20s with Ted Healy as 'Ted Healy and
his Stooges.' The team soon added Moe's
brother, Shemp, and Larry Fine. In the 30s
Shemp was replaced by younger brother
Jerome "Curly" Howard. Re-branded in the 30s
as the Three Stooges
they now consisted of their best-known
lineup: Larry, Curly, and Moe. They signed
with Columbia where they made nearly 200
short films, known for their unique
slapstick humor.
Moe was the de facto leader of the group.
"Moe! Moe! He's right; it's a
ghost! It's right there... it's on the..."
"Oh, you too eh?
I'm gonna have trouble with you. Well let me give you a little advice."
"What?"
"That. Now go on go to sleep before I
murder ya. You guy's somnambulas?"
On the wall to the left is Meyer "Mickey"
Cohen. He was a Los Angeles-based
gangster and part of the Jewish mafia. He
worked under Bugsy Siegel until Siegel's
assassination in 1947, at which point
Cohen became the West Coast crime boss.
He ruled the Hollywood underground from
the Sunset Strip, and during his tenure
rubbed shoulders with Hollywood legends
like Frank Sinatra, Robert Mitchum, and
Jerry Lewis.
Back to the main road, past
the waterfall, on the right is Mount Shalom.
Just next to the road is the
grave of Paul Pink. While not a celebrity
in the traditional sense,
in 1939 Pink and his wife Betty founded
a hot dog stand on La Brea and Melrose
that became as legendary as many of the
stars who have eaten there. Pink's hot
dogs has been satisfying Hollywood's
hunger for a good chili dog for nearly
80 years, and features Hollywood-inspired
dogs like the Mulholland Drive dog, the
Martha Stewart dog, and the Brando dog.
Continuing along this road we reach
the Court of Matriarchs on the right.
Heading into the court we take the first
corridor on the right. Far on the right
side above eye-level is the crypt of Cyd
Charisse. Her skills as a dancer caught
the attention of Hollywood in the 30s
and 40s, and soon she would dance
alongside many of the leading men of the
era, like Fred Astaire in The Band Wagon,
and Gene Kelly in Singin' in the Rain.
Entombed with Cyd is her husband Tony Martin.
He was one of the popular singers
of the 40s and 50s. Perhaps his biggest
hit was "There's No Tomorrow," based on the Italian song, "O Sole Mio."
[music]
He had his own variety show, The Tony
Martin Show from 1954 to 1956. He can
also be seen in many musical films of
the era, including the Marx Brothers film,
The Big Store. He died in 2012 but sadly
still only has a temporary marker.
Out back, to the east of the Court of
Matriarchs,
is the Garden of Rachel. Along the south
wall is the grave of legendary
special-effects artist,
Stan Winston. He was known for creating
practical effects using robotics and
puppets. He worked with James Cameron to
bring the Terminator to life, with Steven
Spielberg to bring Jurassic Park's
dinosaurs to life, and with Tim Burton to
create Edward Scissorhands' scissorhands.
He won four Academy Awards in his career.
Northeast is the garden of Rebecca.
Just off the curved sidewalk is the grave of
Adam Goldstein. He was a DJ and producer,
known as DJ AM. He collaborated with
such artists as Papa Roach, Will Smith,
and Travis Barker, and was a regular DJ
at nightclubs throughout the nation.
He survived a plane crash with Blink-182
drummer Travis Barker in 2008 only to
die tragically a year later of an
apparent drug overdose.
Back to the court
of Matriarchs we cross the street to
the north to the Canaan section. Let's go
left of the sidewalk. Almost all the way
down on the right is the crypt of writer/
director Richard Brooks. In 1967 he
adapted Truman Capote's In Cold Blood
for the screen. Other films include Cat
on a Hot Tin Roof and Elmer Gantry,
which won him an Oscar.
Back again near the center of this
courtyard on the east-facing wall is the
crypt of Fritz Freleng. He was a
cartoonist, animator, and director for the
Warner Bros. Looney Tunes and Merrie
Melodie cartoons, and was instrumental in
introducing and developing many of their
beloved characters, including Porky Pig
Tweety Bird, Sylvester the Cat, and
Yosemite Sam.
In fact Yosemite Sam was based on Freleng.
Like fellow cartoonists Walt Disney and
Ub Iwerks, Freleng got his start in
Kansas City before moving out to
Hollywood, where he worked for many of
the major animation studios, including
Disney, but most notably Warner Bros.,
where he directed more cartoons than any
other. His post Warner Bros. work
includes the creation of the animated
opening for the 1963 film The Pink Panther.
The popularity of the animation
led to the creation of an animated short
film, The Pink Fink, which earned
Freleng an Oscar. His script features a
lineup of dancing Looney Tunes
characters.
Near the middle of the wall
to the right we find Jan Murray. He was a
stand-up comedian, actor, and television
host. He made a name for himself as a
comedian on the borscht belt - a series of
New York resorts popular with the Jewish
community. He soon made his way to
television, guest-starring on many
popular shows of the day like Milton
Berle's Show, and The Tonight Show. He
also hosted or was a guest panelist on
several game shows in the 50s through
the 70s, including Dollar A Second,
Treasure Hunt, and The Hollywood Squares.
Further along this wall, above eye level,
is writer/producer Larry Gelbart.
He is perhaps best remembered as the
writer and creator of the popular TV
series M*A*S*H.
[music]
He was nominated for two Oscars in his
career, for his screenplays for Tootsie,
and Oh God!, and co-wrote the popular
Broadway musical, A funny Thing Happened
on the Way to the Forum.
Rounding the corner, at the end of the next wall, is
the crypt of Robert Sherman. With his
brother Richard, Robert Sherman was one
of the most prolific composers of songs
for film in Hollywood history. He's most
closely associated with Disney, having
written songs for Mary Poppins,
The Jungle Book,
Winnie the Pooh, Chitty Chitty Bang Bang,
and more. Their songs include
"Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious,"
"Chim Chim Cheree,"
"Winnie the Pooh,"
"It's a Small World
After All,"
and "Feed the Birds," which was
reputed to have been Walt Disney's
favorite song.
[music]
Continuing down this road east we
arrive at the Mount of Olives section.
Several spaces in from the road, just
past a tree and bench, is the grave of
actor Vic Morrow, who starred for six
seasons on the TV series Combat! in the
1960s. The role earned him an Emmy
nomination. He acted in nearly a hundred
productions throughout his career, but
sadly is best remembered for the manner
of his death - one of the few occurrences
of death on a film set. While shooting a
night scene for Twilight Zone: the Movie,
a pyrotechnic effect caused a helicopter
to crash on Morrow and two child actors.
All three were killed instantly.
Morrow's daughter is actress Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Heading back around to the
Valley of Remembrance section, near the
middle of the cemetery, we find the grave
of Sherwood Schwartz, just north of the
wall and a tree. Schwartz was a
television writer and producer, best
remembered as the creator of several
popular television shows, like Gilligan's Island,
and the Brady Bunch.
He even co-wrote the theme songs for
these shows. In 2008 he was inducted into
the television Hall of Fame.
[music]
Let's cross the wall to the south side,
to block 14. Here we find screenwriters
and twin brothers Philip and Julius Epstein. They remembered as the
screenwriters of the classic film
Casablanca. The screenplay won them an Oscar.
They also wrote Arsenic and Old
Lace.
Julius is here, next to Philip.
Finally we head across the street to the
west, to the Courts of Faith and Truth.
On the north end of this Court, on the
second level, we find the crypt of one of
Hollywood's most legendary film
composers, Jerry Goldsmith. He is perhaps
best remembered today for composing the
music for the Star Trek films - the theme
was also used for Star Trek: The Next
Generation.
[music]
He was incredibly versatile, able to
compose in a classic style like Star Trek,
or even avant-garde like Planet of
the Apes.
Other notable film scores include Patton,
Chinatown, Total Recall, and The Omen,
which won him an Oscar.
[music]
And that concludes our tour! What are
some of your favorite memories of the
stars we visited today? Share them in the
comments below, and be sure to like, share,
and subscribe for more famous grave
tours.
Thanks for watching, we'll see you on the next one!
You voted, and you decided what cemetery
will be touring next.
And that cemetery is...
drumroll please Giuseppe...
Mount Sinai, in the Hollywood Hills.
Thanks to everyone who voted! Look for it in the coming weeks.